What happened to the president? What did you see?
Talk on the phone
Red bar mom hey daughter-in-law
you
How come?
Bastard, how dare you seduce my husband
You are disgusting
That's not true.
Let me explain.
Explain shit
You bitch
Oops mom really
Then let's
Ah!
Ah my mom
Here it comes.
husband
Husband, listen to my explanation
I was framed. I wasn't
You were framed
It's that you're born cheap, and you know it
A woman like you doesn't deserve to be the master of Yanjiao
Start today.
All the shareholding properties related to the Ye family under your name
Remove all
husband
Ah!
madam
This is the real surprise I have for you
Do you like it?